.TH "metalog.conf" "5" "0.8" "Frank DENIS" "Metalog configuration file"
.SH "NAME"
metalog.conf
.SH "SYNTAX"
[default values]

.br
<section title :>
.br
<section values>

.br
<section 2 title :>
.br
<section 2 values>

.br
<etc.>
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
[default values] will be used if you do not redefine them in a section.
You can choose <section title> as you wish. It doesn't mean anything, just
allow you to keep an easy to read config file.

Values names can be one of the following:
.LP
.TP
\fBmaxsize\fR
maxsize = <value>. Once a logfile has exceeded the value defined (in bytes), it
will be rotated. If maxfile is equal to zero, it disables log rotation. Defining
a default value is a good idea.
.LP
.TP
\fBmaxtime\fR
maxtime = <value>. Once a logfile is older than the value defined (in seconds),
it will be rotated. Defining a default value is a good idea. 
.br

NB: a logfile is rotated when either maxsize or maxtime limit is
reached. If either one or both is equal 0, then log rotation is disabled.
.LP
.TP
\fBmaxfiles\fR
maxfiles = <value>. This value indicates the maximum number of rotated files
kept. So you'll have x rotated files (log-date-string filename type), plus the
file named current.
.LP
.TP
\fBfacility\fR
facility = "name". Only records a message if the application that issued it
uses syslog facility <facility>. Facility names are : "auth", "authpriv",
"cron", "daemon", "ftp", "kern", "lpr", "mail", "news", "security", "syslog",
"user", "uucp", "local0", "local1" ... "local7" . All kernel messages are logged
with facility "kern". A section can have several "facility = ..." lines to match
more than one facility. If <facility> is "*", it'll match all the facilities.
.LP
.TP
\fBbreak\fR
break = <value>. Default is 0.If set to 1 and a section is matched, perform
action, but don't consider any more possible section matches below this one in
the config file. This is useful for creating a config where specific types of
log messages are matched and dispatched, while a "catch-all" section at the
bottom of the config file handles the default case.  Using break=0 would cause
messages to be potentially handled by multiple sections, causing message
duplication, while using break = 1 on the sections above the "catch-all" would
avoid duplication.
.LP
.TP
\fBminimum\fR
minimum = <level> : Only record a message if its urgency is inferior or equal to
<level> . Level '0' is the most critical one, while level '7' is for debugging
messages. 'minimum = 5' will strip all non-important messages. The default
minimum level is 7 (ie. keep all messages).
.LP
.TP
\fBmaximum\fR
maximum = <level> : don't log if the message level exceeds that value. By
default, maximum is the largest possible level.
.LP
.TP
\fBlogdir\fR
logdir = "/path/where/logs/will/be/written" : files will be written in
/path/where/logs/will/be/written.
.LP
.TP
\fBprogram\fR
program = "name". Can be used when a facility is useless. Remember to use
the executable name.
.LP
.TP
\fBregex\fR
regex = "perl compatible regular expression". Can be used when you want to log
given patterns, like invalid, fail etc to get in a given directory everything
that failed or was invalid. Several regex can be defined in a section.
.LP
.TP
\fBneg_regex\fR
neg_regex = "perl compatible regular expression". Can be used when you want to log
the opposite of given patterns. Several neg_regex can be defined in a section.
.LP
.TP
\fBprogram_regex\fR
program_regex = "perl compatible regular expression". Can be used when you have,
for example a familly of programs having the same pattern in their names, and
you want to get logs centralized in a given path.
.LP
.TP
\fBcommand\fR
command = "/path/to/program/to/execute". If something is logged in a given section,
you can automatically launch a program.
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
\fI/etc/metalog.conf\fP 
.br
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Laurent Wandrebeck (low) <wandre.l@free.fr>
.br
Leo Lipelis <aeoo@gentoo.org>
.br
Hendrik Visage <hvisage@users.sourceforge.net>
.br
Frank DENIS (Jedi/Sector One) <j@pureftpd.org>
